Change directory before starting Node-1 (#1406)
hyperledger/besu-docs: versioned_docs/version-23.4.1/private-networks/tutorials/clique.md

### 4. Start the first node as the bootnode

> Change to the `Node-1` directory.
> 
> Start Node-1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Node-1` directory, start Node-1:
```
